README.md, before:

# Optuna cross validation search

Performing hyperparameter search for models implementing the scikit-learn model interface by using cross-validation and the Bayesian framework [Optuna](https://github.com/optuna/optuna).

# Examples

In the following example the hyperparameters of a [lightgbm](https://lightgbm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) classifier are estimated

        from OptunaCrossValidationSearch import OptunaCrossValidationSearch
        import lightgbm as lgb
        
        classifier = lgb.LGBMClassifier(n_jobs=4)
        parameter_distributions = {'min_data_in_leaf': optuna.distributions.IntUniformDistribution(10, 100),
                                   'bagging_fraction': optuna.distributions.LogUniformDistribution(0.01, 1.0)}
        optuna_cross_validation = OptunaCrossValidationSearch(classifier = classifier,
                                                              parameter_distributions = parameter_distributions,
                                                              cv_folds = 5,
                                                              n_trials = 10,
                                                              sample_weight_balance = 'balanced')
        optuna_cross_validation.fit(X_train, y_train)
        y_test_pred = optuna_cross_validation.predict(X_test)
        score = sklearn.metrics.accuracy_score(y_test, y_test_pred)

In the following example, the hyperparameters of a tensorflow deep learning model are estimated. 
A callback function is used to stop the fitting when the validation accuracy does not improve after 50 epochs.

        from OptunaCrossValidationSearch import OptunaCrossValidationSearch
        from ModelKerasFullyConnected import ModelKerasFullyConnected

        classifier = ModelKerasFullyConnected.ModelKerasFullyConnected(X_train.shape, len(np.unique(y_train)))
        parameter_distributions = {'num_units': optuna.distributions.IntUniformDistribution(32, 128),
                                   'num_hidden': optuna.distributions.IntUniformDistribution(0, 3),
                                   'dropout': optuna.distributions.LogUniformDistribution(0.05, 0.4),
                                   'learning_rate': optuna.distributions.LogUniformDistribution(1e-8, 1e-4)}

        optuna_cross_validation = OptunaCrossValidationSearch(classifier = classifier,
                                                              parameter_distributions = parameter_distributions,
                                                              cv_folds = 5,
                                                              n_trials = 10,
                                                              sample_weight_balance = 'balanced')
        optuna_cross_validation.fit(X_train, y_train)

        y_test_pred = optuna_cross_validation.predict(X_test)
        score = sklearn.metrics.accuracy_score(y_test, y_test_pred)

Commit message:

Extend ModelKerasBase.fit method for the case where no validation data is provided (simple fitting) Improve documentation

README.md, after:

# Optuna cross validation search

Performing hyperparameter search for models implementing the scikit-learn model interface by using cross-validation and the Bayesian framework [Optuna](https://github.com/optuna/optuna).

# Examples

In the following example, the hyperparameters of a [lightgbm](https://lightgbm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) classifier are estimated:

        from OptunaCrossValidationSearch import OptunaCrossValidationSearch
        import lightgbm as lgb
        
        classifier = lgb.LGBMClassifier(n_jobs=4)
        parameter_distributions = {'min_data_in_leaf': optuna.distributions.IntUniformDistribution(10, 100),
                                   'bagging_fraction': optuna.distributions.LogUniformDistribution(0.01, 1.0)}
        optuna_cross_validation = OptunaCrossValidationSearch(classifier = classifier,
                                                              parameter_distributions = parameter_distributions,
                                                              cv_folds = 5,
                                                              n_trials = 10,
                                                              sample_weight_balance = 'balanced')
        optuna_cross_validation.fit(X_train, y_train)
        y_test_pred = optuna_cross_validation.predict(X_test)
        score = sklearn.metrics.accuracy_score(y_test, y_test_pred)

In the following example, the hyperparameters of a Keras deep learning model are estimated. 
In this case the number of tunable parameters is not fixed, and the Keras model is wrapped in the ModelKerasFullyConnected class.
ModelKerasFullyConnected derives from ModelKeras base class, where the methods are defined. 
During cross-validation of a keras model, a callback function is used to stop fitting the model when the validation accuracy does not improve after 50 epochs.

        from OptunaCrossValidationSearch import OptunaCrossValidationSearch
        from ModelKerasFullyConnected import ModelKerasFullyConnected

        classifier = ModelKerasFullyConnected.ModelKerasFullyConnected(X_train.shape, len(np.unique(y_train)))
        parameter_distributions = {'num_units': optuna.distributions.IntUniformDistribution(32, 128),
                                   'num_hidden': optuna.distributions.IntUniformDistribution(0, 3),
                                   'dropout': optuna.distributions.LogUniformDistribution(0.05, 0.4),
                                   'learning_rate': optuna.distributions.LogUniformDistribution(1e-8, 1e-4)}

        optuna_cross_validation = OptunaCrossValidationSearch(classifier = classifier,
                                                              parameter_distributions = parameter_distributions,
                                                              cv_folds = 5,
                                                              n_trials = 10,
                                                              sample_weight_balance = 'balanced')
        optuna_cross_validation.fit(X_train, y_train)

        y_test_pred = optuna_cross_validation.predict(X_test)
        score = sklearn.metrics.accuracy_score(y_test, y_test_pred)
